We do need to add a view controller,
and there's a really neat little technique we can use to do this because
all we want this to do is display the login page and go to our security
on the back end and back out to the front.
It used to be we had to create this default controller that did nothing.
Except for now,
we can go ahead and open up our ConferenceConfig and
add one method inside of here.
I'll just go ahead and do it below my class declaration,
but above everything else, It doesn't have to be there,
but I'll just put it up at the top so you can see it with
the imports and things that we're using.
I'm going to say @Override,
and we'll give this the signature of public void addViewControllers.
And inside of here, it has a method signature of final ViewControllerRegistry,
and we'll give this a variable name of registry.
Inside of this method,
we can add one line where we just say registry.addViewController,
and we'll tell it to you handle login.
Finish that off with a semicolon , and we're done.
We're ready to run our example.
So a lot of work to get it to this point.
Let's go ahead and start our server.
Now inside of our app, if we click Add Registration,
it will take us to a login page where if we enter in
bryan and pass and click Login, it'll log us in,
redirect us back to the default URL, which is our index page.
Click Add Registration again, we're logged in, so we're an authenticated user.
We're going to go ahead and build on all of this as we go
out through the rest of this course,
but your app actually now has authentication.
Let's quickly look at what it took to get us there. Inside of our POM,
we had to add three dependencies to the bottom section here. We had
our spring‑boot‑starter‑security, spring‑security‑test, and our jstl
dependency that we had added.
We copied our registration page into login and added a basic form section in
there, which had the URL of perform_login for what we wanted to tie our request
to. The majority of our work was spent in this ConferenceSecurityConfig file
where we configured the HttpSecurity object and the
AuthenticationManagerBuilder and then a passwordEncoder.
And then, finally,
we added a ViewController to just redirect to that login page and handle our
login back and forth from the JSP page to the controller.
We didn't have to create a whole separate controller just for that.
This all enabled us to have security inside of our application.
Let's continue on with the rest of the course now where we're
going to remove some of these default pieces and add in
databases, LDAP, that type of stuff, but you've added security to your application now.